[16.0][ADD] dms_import (#2)
xaviedoanhduy/dms: dms_import/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> this module use to import record from documents of EE to dms of CE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this module to migrate from the EE `documents*` modules to the OCA `dms*` modules.
```
